Update Readme with (#938)
kubeshop/tracetest: README.md

# Tracetest

> Tracetest is a trace-based testing tool that leverages the data contained in your distributed traces to produce easy to create, yet super powerful integration tests. You can verify activity deep inside your system by asserting on data and flow information contained in the OpenTelemetry traces and span attrbitutes. This can include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracetest is a trace-based testing tool that leverages the data contained in your distributed traces to produce easy to create, yet super powerful integration tests. You can verify activity deep inside your system by asserting on data and flow information contained in the OpenTelemetry traces and span attribitutes. This can include:
```

- testing events that occur on 'the other side' of an async message queue, even though the original async call has returned earlier.
- assertions based on the timing of different steps in your process.

> - wildcard assertions across common types of activities, ie all gRPC return codes should be 0, all database calls should happen in less than 100ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- wildcard assertions across common types of activities, i. e. all gRPC return codes should be 0, all database calls should happen in less than 100ms.
```
